added zenhub practicies to maintainers.md (#1121)
opensearch-project/opensearch-build: MAINTAINERS.md

<img src="https://opensearch.org/assets/brand/SVG/Logo/opensearch_logo_default.svg" height="64px"/>

- [Maintainers](#maintainers)
- [Zenhub Process Workflow](#zenhub-process-workflow)
  - [What is Zenhub](#what-is-zenhubhttpswwwzenhubcom)
  - [Dev Deployment](#dev-deployment)
  - [Setting up Zenhub](#setting-up-zenhub)

>   - [Sprint Board](#sprint-board-aka-zenhub-board-aka-kanban-board)

Reviewer: I think this needs to be updated `#sprint-board-aka-zenhub-board-aka-kanban-board` doesn't seem like it will resolve

>   - [Sprint Board aka Zenhub board aka Kanban board](#sprint-board-aka-zenhub-board-aka-kanban-board)

Reviewer 2: Is `aka` formal enough? Maybe capitalize it  or change it to `/`?

Author: I am okay with both.

Reviewer: Lets stick to a single term as this is the documentation where we declare what we do, I think `Sprint board` works well enough 
```suggestion
  - [Sprint Board](#sprint-board)
```

| Peter Nied | [peternied](https://github.com/peternied) | Amazon |
| Barani Bikshandi | [bbarani](https://github.com/bbarani) | Amazon |
| Sayali Gaikawad | [gaiksaya](https://github.com/gaiksaya) | Amazon |
| Abhinav Gupta | [abhinavGupta16](https://github.com/abhinavGupta16) | Amazon |
| Zelin Hao | [zelinh](https://github.com/zelinh) | Amazon |

> | Elaine | [zylzulu](https://github.com/zylzulu) | Amazon |

Reviewer 2: We should add the full name for Yilin for consistent.

Reviewer 3: +1 Add the formal name not the github name

Author: I added what was present on github. @zylzulu - Do you want me to change it? If yes, what can I change it to?

Author: I have changes this to Yilin Zhang as per @zylzulu's preference

[This document](https://github.com/opensearch-project/.github/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md) explains what maintainers do in this repo, and how they should be doing it. If you're interested in contributing, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Zenhub Process Workflow

> We follow agile methodologies for our development and release process. We use zenhub to manage and track our stories and issues to effectively manage them over the sprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We follow agile methodologies for our development and release process. We use GitHub issues with annotations via ZenHub to manage and track our stories and issues to effectively manage them over the sprint.
```

### What is [Zenhub](https://www.zenhub.com/)?

ZenHub is an agile project management and product roadmaps solution, natively integrated into GitHub. It is free to use for opensource repository and comes with a paid membership to manage private repositories. 

> We currently use zenhub only with our public and opensource repositories.

Reviewer: Seems like a ZenHub sales pitch, lets focus on 'how' we use ZenHub in this document.  We could have a 'why' we picked ZenHub section that might go into those details.

Author: I am not I fully understand. Isn't the whole document about how to use zenhub? For example, how the pipelines work, creating issues with Zenhub, working on tasks etc.

Reviewer: > Isn't the whole document about how we use zenhub? 

Yes, we do not need to educate anyone else on why we use it, we use it!  We can make another section for that, but that isn't very important until we consider using something else.

### Setting up Zenhub

Zenhub can be easily added as an [extension]((https://www.zenhub.com/extension)) to chrome and firefox which can be downloaded for free from the zenhub website. 
Alternatively, we can use a the zenhub [webapp link](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/engineering-effectiveness-614cf4272a385f0015d2b48f/board?repos=357723952,406037663) to view the board.

### Sprint Board aka Zenhub board aka Kanban board

> Once the zenhub extension is installed, zenhub board can be accessed using the Zenhub tab on github.

Reviewer: I like pictures for describing user experiences, here is one that could work well here
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2754967/143924779-c53177f8-922b-41a6-9c9a-54c899f3aae4.png)

#### Pipelines

1. **New Issues -** Issues to be reviewed and estimated before being added to the Product Backlog.
2. **Icebox -** Low priority Issues that do not need to be addressed in the near future**.**
3. **Product Backlog -** Upcoming Issues that have been reviewed, estimated, and prioritized top-to-bottom.
4. **Sprint Backlog -** Issues ready to be worked on in the sprint, prioritized top-to-bottom.
5. **In Progress -** Issues currently being worked on by the team.
6. **Review/QA -** Issues open to the team for review and testing. Code complete, pending feedback.
7. **Done -** Issues tested and ready to be deployed to production. Verify the acceptance criteria and close the issue.
8. **Closed -** Issues that are deployed to production and closed

Description for each pipeline can also be found on the sprint board by clicking on the 3 dots next to the pipleine name.

### Creating Issues

Follow the steps below to create issues on Zenhub workflow -

> 1. Create the issue for the desired repository following the required guidelines for mandatory fields on github.

Reviewer: Lets make these instructions specific with exactly what is required for our process, sub-bullets might work if more explanation is needed, as we have optional fields that are used by contributors creating issues but for maintainers they are required.
```suggestion
1. Create the issue for the OpenSearch-build repository following with the fields `foo`, `bar`, and `baz`...
```

Author: I don't think we should have specifics here since this will vary from repo to repo. I changed it to `mandatory and optional fields`. Does that work?

Reviewer: Where are the instructions for this repository?  This file is located in the opensearch-build repository which I would expect to be specific

Author: Instructions show up when someone tries to create an issue.

Reviewer: Those are instructions to create issues in our repository, which are not the same as work items that we managed in our sprints - I would like there to be a guide for what GitHub/ZenHub fields we use where would that be if not in this document?

2. Add relevant tags to the issue. This would help us to track and filter issues.
3. Select the correct pipeline for the issue (defaults to New Issues )
4. Mark the issue for a sprint (if known)

### Managing issues/stories

1. Everyone working on a task should ensure the following -
    1. Have an issue associated with it to record the work
    2. The issue should be assigned
    3. The issue should have an estimate set
    4. The issue should have the correct pipeline

> 2. Pull requests raised should be assigned and linked to their issues. There should not be a PR without an issue.

Reviewer: `There should not be a PR without an issue.` - Could you provide more details why we have this practice? Inside of ZenHub pull requests are seen side-by-side with issues, so there doesn't seem to be a technical limitation.

If I spot a bug and fix it, I will be spending the time to write an issue and copy and paste the description into the PR which seems like needless duplication, is there a limitation that I'm overlooking?

Author: I believe spot fixing bugs which require **very very little** work or are only a few line changes maybe worked without an issue. 
However, for any minor changes which require some work, we should raise an issue. This is because it is easy to see and track who is working on what since the issue would be present on the board. However, a PR won't show up until it is raised and the team won't be informed.

Also, raising an issue would also help in tracking closed bugs for reporting in future which would not work with PRs.

Reviewer: >Also, raising an issue would also help in tracking closed bugs for reporting in future which would not work with PRs.

I do not like to spend time on processes for the `"future"`, why don't we do this today?

Author: The document does not say we need to follow this in future. It needs to start today, as you mention for a better future.

## ZenHub Process Workflow
We follow agile methodologies for our development and release process. We use GitHub issues with annotations via ZenHub to manage and track our stories and issues to effectively manage them over the sprint.

### What is [ZenHub](https://www.zenhub.com/)?

ZenHub is an agile project management and product roadmaps solution, natively integrated into GitHub. It is free to use for opensource repository and comes with a paid membership to manage private repositories. 
We currently use ZenHub only with our public and opensource repositories.

### Setting up ZenHub

ZenHub can be easily added as an [extension]((https://www.zenhub.com/extension)) to chrome and firefox which can be downloaded for free from the ZenHub website. 
Alternatively, we can use a the ZenHub [webapp link](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/engineering-effectiveness-614cf4272a385f0015d2b48f/board?repos=357723952,406037663) to view the board.

### Sprint Board
Once the ZenHub extension is installed, ZenHub board can be accessed using the ZenHub tab on GitHub.

> ![img.png](zenhub_tab_image.png)

Reviewer 2: This image seems to be broken on my side.

Author: That is strange. The image is added as a part of this PR. Can you verify if you have the image in the root dir?

Reviewer 2: I see then. Thanks!

Reviewer: BTW you can look at his fork to see if it would work or not, https://github.com/abhinavGupta16/opensearch-build/blob/abhng-zenhub-doc/MAINTAINERS.md appears fine over there

| Sayali Gaikawad | [gaiksaya](https://github.com/gaiksaya) | Amazon |
| Abhinav Gupta | [abhinavGupta16](https://github.com/abhinavGupta16) | Amazon |
| Zelin Hao | [zelinh](https://github.com/zelinh) | Amazon |
| Yilin Zhang | [zylzulu](https://github.com/zylzulu) | Amazon |

[This document](https://github.com/opensearch-project/.github/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md) explains what maintainers do in this repo, and how they should be doing it. If you're interested in contributing, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

> ## Zenhub Process Workflow

Reviewer 2: I think @peternied was saying change it to `ZenHub` with both capital `Z` and `H`. You have some names as `ZenHub` and some are `Zenhub`. We should have them consistent as `ZenHub` according to their official name.

We follow agile methodologies for our development and release process. We use GitHub issues with annotations via ZenHub to manage and track our stories and issues to effectively manage them over the sprint.

### What is [Zenhub](https://www.zenhub.com/)?

ZenHub is an agile project management and product roadmaps solution, natively integrated into GitHub. It is free to use for opensource repository and comes with a paid membership to manage private repositories. 
We currently use Zenhub only with our public and opensource repositories.

### Setting up Zenhub

Zenhub can be easily added as an [extension]((https://www.zenhub.com/extension)) to chrome and firefox which can be downloaded for free from the Zenhub website. 
Alternatively, we can use a the Zenhub [webapp link](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/engineering-effectiveness-614cf4272a385f0015d2b48f/board?repos=357723952,406037663) to view the board.

### Sprint Board

> Once the Zenhub extension is installed, Zenhub board can be accessed using the Zenhub tab on github.

Reviewer 2: Similar naming format with `GitHub`
